# Old 
Code and plots that ended up not being investigated too much.

## Folders:
comparison_images
- Many, many plots showing the ice thickness and the relative error from the ITMIX models. The relative error plots are not very telling as the data is shown pixel-wise.

covariance_curves
- Looking back, it's not really the "covariance" curves. Those plots are essentially comparing the hypsometric curves of Job and Little Kluane glaciers to the other glaciers in ITMIX, trying to find the most similar ones. The pearson r coefficient is computed, which is in itself related to covariance.

error_tifs
- Error .tif files produced from the comparison_images. Not really useful, didn't really need to save them.
  
hypsometric_curves
- Hypsometric curves from every glacier in ITMIX. Also plotted is a "histogram" but looking back it feels like something is wrong.
 
true_bed_tifs
- True bed maps from ITMIX generated by essentially substracting the provided ice thickness data from the model to the linked surface dem.
  
## Codes:
job_lk_maps.py and ng_sg_maps.py
- Code used to generate maps for mentionned glaciers. Inspired the pyGM library.

compare_every_glaciers.py and comparing_models.py
- Code used at the beginning of the summer to compute the error from the test cases from [ITMIX](https://tc.copernicus.org/articles/11/949/2017/). Writing this code served as good practice for learning to manipulate georeferenced data and is probably bad. It also inspired the need and creation of the pyGM tool.

## Data:
hypsometry_compared.csv
- Pearson coefficients from job and lk with every itmix glaciers

hypsometry_compared_ez_view
- Pearson coefficients from job and lk but the columns are separated and ranked from highest to lowest

hypsometry_compared_r2.csv and hypsometry_compared_r2_ez_view.csv
- Same as above but the coefficient computed is the r^2 coefficient from statistics

itmix_results.xlsx
- Error data from the different models and glaciers. Error data shown is relative error, which is problematic when there is ice thickness data showing 0 meters
  
xs.csv 
- hypsometry from job and lk

ys.csv
- hypsometry from every glacier in itmix
